Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Sennis PLC investor presentation. Questions are encouraged. They can be submitted at any time via the Q&A tab that's just situated on the right hand corner of your screen. Please just simply type in your questions and press send. The company may not be in a position to answer every question it receives during the meeting itself. However, the company can review all questions submitted today and we'll publish those responses where it's appropriate to do so on the investor meet company platform. Before we begin, we would decide to submit the following poll. And if you could give that your kind attention, I'm sure the company would be most grateful. And I would now like turn you over to the team from Sennis PLC, Brendan Steven. Good morning. Good morning, Jake. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning for our half year results presentation. Um over the next 20 minutes or so, we're just going to bring you through some key items of around the business and the performance in the last uh half. But before that, I'd like to introduce myself, Brendan Allen. I'm the managing director of Sennis PLC. And with me today on the call is Steven Cohen, our general manager. I will um start with an introduction, then we'll go through the the halfyear results. I'll hand you over to Stephen then for looking at some of the solutions and customers that that we have and our engagement and then we'll finish up the presentation with um looking at our growth strategy and the investment case for Sennus and as Jake said please do submit any questions we'd be delighted Chapter 2: Business Overview to answer them uh towards the end of the presentation to start with just a little bit about Sennis PLC. So we are a climate risk and soil health intelligence technology and we build technology for natural capital monitoring at scale. So what does that mean? Firstly, let's look at the whole idea of natural capital. Natural capital is the world's ecosystems that we're relying on daily to eat or our our textiles for our clothes and shelter for the the homes we live in. And there's been a strong acknowledgement over the last number of years that natural capital has been degraded and needs to be managed better mostly to ensure that we have resilient um supply chains within our industries. The natural capital we're we're talking about is things like soil, air, water, habitats, nature. These are the the components that we're building technologies for. Our role as a company is to be an MRV system. So measurement, reporting and verification to allow corporations, financial institutions, even government agencies to monitor this natural capital at scale. So this could be through an entire supply chain of a dairy co-op looking at entire loan books of a financial institution and to understand various amount of things but the main thing we're trying to give our clients is better idea of how to un unlock productivity within that within that landbased sector to identify risks but also to identify opportunities and this 3 minutes, 1 second monitoring at scale allows us to give deep insights to our clients that can help them derisk um significantly their their supply chain. Our key priority markets in this area are number one is financial institutions. So we're working with the banking sector um who need to assess loans and full loan books. Why do they need to do this? Well, there's a huge amount of regulatory pressure uh coming on them mainly from entities like the ECB to include climate, environment and nature into their lending decisions and being able to report on that. But it's not regulation alone. There is inherent risks within the landbased sector for them as well. It can be physical risks and we hear about it all the time droughts flooding and they need to understand those risks and how it's going to infect affect cash flows of the the pe their their loan as such. Our same technology can provide insights to agri corporates for a slightly different reason. They want to make sure that their supply chains are resilient that productivity is strong. uh soil health being optimized means grass is being optimized which means milk tanks are staying full with with good quality milk. Um but they also need this sort of information these sort of programs for market access. So the the supply chain or the upper end of the markets like supermarkets or the further uh um food food companies are demanding action at at farm level. Our technology allows them to do that in in a scalable way. The last priority market is ecosystem restoration. We are seeing billions been pointed towards this direction as a market while regulatory um enforcement is coming into place like the EU restoration law. What we're seeing is a is a real lack of ability to scale and measure ecosystem restoration. This is why we're seeing a huge amount of opportunity here over the next number of years. It's a nient market, but it is shown strong signals of of growth in the in the next number of years. to give you an idea of our traction to date. So we've been uh doing this for a number of years and we have been able to attract some bluechip high highv value corporations. Uh starting in Ireland, we've we work with a lot of the dairy co-ops, Cheer Lawn, Lakeland Dairies, uh Arivo, Carbury. Um but we also work in the UK with companies like Arla, First Milk, um an exciting announcement in this presentation back on that. And we have we have use cases with with banks and particularly Bank of Ireland. We also have contracts with European Space Agency uh companies like Diagio. So we've a strong track record of executing at scale with with large corporations. And to give you a small bit of our history. So we spun out at the university at Gway back in 2017. And our early years between 2018 to 202021, we're focused on soil health and digitizing so soil health and bringing it into the 21st century. So supply chains and farmers can actually actively manage their soil um better to ensure they were optimizing production. Real productivity gains while also protecting water quality and and lowering emissions. And in response to the market, we we've started to build other technologies to measure other pillars of natural capital like water quality, biodiversity, habitats, um soil carbon as well. This led us to um we were self-funded up to 2023 and we took in our first investment to build out those technologies using retained earnings and and investment we got h increasing the the technology team to t take a more international uh approach and ambition to the company. That's when in 2024 we decided to rebrand from Farmy to Sennis. So some um people would have known us as far my first and that was a reaction to internationalization and doing more work outside of the the agri sector up till last year where we had a really strategic year where we were launched our new era product. We acquired a company that I'll talk about in in a couple of minutes called Lmen. We closed a private placement of 1.1 million and we listed on the next stock exchange as well. So we had a really strategic and great year in 2025. So it set us up for really exciting 26 and onwards. So just on to the halfyear results um and we'll go through this um by customer first. So we have three um project and customer announcements to start with. Uh the first one is is proof of scale within the banking sector and Bank of Ireland have confirmed um doubling of the contract they have have with us h and they're scaling into their their loan book in 2026 with ambitions to go to go forward. But it is a superb endorsement of our initial contract phase is moving to the to the next phase with with a large um bank and large bank loan book. Um also we have a a strong pipeline of other bank and corporations. Um so this this sector is is really important for us but this is a really important milestone for us to get this second contract. Uh hugely important one as well is first milk in the UK. So this is a a a dairy co-op in in the UK that has announced that they're going to do their entire supply chain with our technology. So we will be providing them with insights on water quality and biodiversity across all 700 farms. This is a really strong ambition, really strong milestone within the industry that's shown that the need to actually start monitoring natural capital at scale and monitoring the risk. So they're looking at at risk and opportunities around protecting water quality with this project. So it's a hugely important announcement for us uh in the UK and this is actually started and and up and running now. Uh our last announcement of a project is a very strategic important project in in the island of Ireland um funded by the department of a agriculture and and it's on the use of biochar within the within the agri and concrete industries. We've been brought on board so it's led by university of limmerch. So it's R&D funded through the University of Limmerick but our role is to build technology use our MRV systems to monitor the results of the biochar at a at a farm level. It's it's a great project in terms of funded by the by department of agriculture but al also other entities like chagus qua roadstone and and many more companies and research organizations involved. So we're delighted to be involved in this and delighted to be invited into this this consortium. To give you an idea of the financial highlights of the year, so we we ended the ended the six months with 304,000 in in turnover with strong gross margins. We always aim for a gross margin of of 80% plus and ending in a very strong cash position of 735,000. The year itself setting us up very very well for uh growth into the future. The strategic goals as mentioned already Chapter 3: Highlights 10 minutes, 1 second will be the 1.1 million private placement that we and the direct listing in the URX access uh market and hence why we're here this morning speaking with you. But I want to spend a couple of minutes talking about the acquisition of Lman and geospatial AI company uh in November 25 and the impacts we've seen with this early days with the company. So this this company we had been partnering with for for some time and you will all h be aware of the conversations around AI and we're not an AI company but we do use AI to enable our processes and this acquisition has had a hugely positive effect on the company. Number one it has led to faster development inhouse. So we are a able to um enable uh our engineers to move at a much faster pace and react to the market much quicker. The second thing is that we have a better market offering. So combining our technology with with the lman technology lman technologies to be thought of as geospatial AI. So using really powerful tools to monitor large land banks or large large areas using remote sensing and on the ground data. To give you an example of this, with soil carbon projects, you may have to spend four to 5,000 to do infield sampling to get a robust measurement of a farm. Using geospatial AI and some soil sampling, you can dramatically reduce the cost of that. So in some cases, it can be um down to 10x less the cost. So that 5,000 could be going down to 500 euro euros through this technology over time. That is bringing scale to the market and that's what we're in prime position to be able to do. The last thing this has done is give us a wider market appeal. We have technology now with Sennis and Lman combined that has an offering that's able to execute in the US and Africa today. So these are new markets that we've started to explore and develop uh 12 minutes lead lists for uh and actually had had some people on the ground recently exploring these markets. Another massive benefit is the addition of two senior people to our team, Dr. Dr. Hugh Sturk and Jonathan Smith. Hugh is a global leader in the space, an ex-p profofessor of the University of Cal California and he is a very high level of understanding, a very high level of capabilities brought into our company similar to Jonathan who works on the technology side with us and has worked with the Gates Foundation and many other organizations. So brings a wealth of experience. That acquisition in late last year was probably a stepping stone for us to to get massive scale into the company and execute on our strategy at at at a higher speed. With that, I'll just pass you over to Stephen for a few minutes and then it'll come back to me after uh a couple of minutes. Thank you Brendan and thanks to everyone for joining. So I'm going to briefly bring everyone through uh our SI solutions and maybe how it serves our customers. So um our customers need data for regulatory requirements, reporting requirements at a central bank level or at a corporate sustainability reporting level. Um and how we gather data comes in three different channels for our customers. So we have uh technologies that can work on the ground to generate ecological data. So an example would be a project we're working with European Space Agency on. And also we have ground to technologies like our sin soil app which allows us to gather data from the ground collaborate with the likes of laboratories and ecologists and we firmly believe that this data is extremely important going into the future. Um in the world of AI you still need solid ground truth and verified data to support it. Um our second channel of data then is publicly available data. So examples would be the environmental protection agency or 14 minutes national parks and wildlife or UK center for ecology and hydrarology. The reason we work with this data is that it's publicly available and it's from credible reputable sources um which our customers are fully familiar with but what we do is make it specific to their loan books or to their supply chains and to their individual loan or farmers as part of their programs. Finally um through the acquisition of Lman we have a strong uh modeling capability which allows us to fill any gaps in report environments for our customers in the data. We can use estimated models to make highly accurate predictive estimations on things like soil carbon or soil pH or land use classifications across regions, continents, supply chains. So with this this accumulated uh data that's pulled together, we provide reporting structures for our customers which gives them insights on risk and resilience of their loan books or supply chains. And it gives them that uh reporting requirement that they need to move forward and how that's done then is due through two core products that we have in Sinnus era the environmental reporting assistant and Sinus soil. So our customers will avail of both products or one at each time. Um Sinus soil is a far more mature product that has been developed by Sinus over the last six seven years and Sinus era is a new exciting product that we've launched in the last 18 months. And these uh core products report under certain data sets like biodiversity, soil health, soil carbon, water quality and give insights on risk, pollution um and opportunities for supply chains and their customers. And how our sin commercial model works then is we've typically moved towards a subscriptionbased model where our customers pay per use or pay for the use of getting access to the data and typically those contracts roll annually. We currently have a 70% renewal rate on an annual basis for our customers and that's a number that we're constantly striving to improve and increase as the years go on. Um a secondary model is where you know some of our customers might be restricted to budgetary cycles. So their projects could be defined by one or three or five years. So then we can work with the customer to meet their needs on a on a project fee or per project basis. So it can vary but we've tried to push towards our our primary base model for our commercial sense and just some I suppose numbers on customer serve in the period that we're currently reporting on. You'll see on the right hand side, Sinyl has currently got 38 clients and that's a mix of enterprise independent clients and research and development. H as I said, Sinus is a more immature product but a really exciting one. Uh that currently serves four clients and that's continuing to grow. Um but you can see in our average contract value that our um SI era customers, the contracts are are worth quite a bit more than our Sinil projects on average. Hence why we're investing a lot of time in our sinier product currently. And finally, I'd just like to say that we're well established in the island of Ireland with circuit threequarters of our customer base based in the in the island. Uh we're continually growing in the UK. Uh and now we're as Brendan has mentioned, we've looked to the rest of the world as well in terms of mainland Europe, the US, and Africa to see the potential there where we can grow. I'm now going to pass you back to Brendan and he'll bring you through our growth strategy. Thanks Stephen. So with the last few minutes that we have here, we're just going to talk about the future and where we're heading as as a company. We we've outlined the three priority markets. Chapter 4: Growth Strategy Financial institutions, agri food and ecosystem restoration. with financial institutions. Our strategy is to use Ireland to test the model which we have done and then move into the UK and EU and we have started a rigorous campaign in both territories on uh outreach and connections within that that industry. The signals we're seeing for financial institutions is Asia could hold interest for us. Um so we are having a look at those signals that are that are coming to us at at the moment. Agriculture and food is a similar pattern but looking at the US with the capabilities we have there that based on LOM and the the interests that we we've been shown ecosystem restoration we see it as Ireland UK and the EU at the moment because the regulatory environment that that we're sitting in for us is about 2013 what we can become as a company we've very very strong foundation built uh we have good traction in the market with really good technology proprietary technology but where can this take us to our ambition in by 2030 is we'll have a hundred of these enterprise style customers at a minimum with enterprise values of 50,000 or more and that they're they're sort of minimum numbers that we want to achieve and the enterprise value is something that we work on constantly is that 19 minutes renewal of customers and increasing the the contract rate. So any customer acquired now even how small is an opportunity for us to to grow into the future. We also want to make sure that we're generating significant revenue outside of Ireland. Um the Irish um industry is perfect for getting established and getting a a foothold in an industry but for significant growth where we need to get going to get outside of the island of Ireland and we're doing that. We we have hired outside of the island in the UK and have an office over there. Now our target is e positive then by by the June 2028. That's our financial year end. How are we going to do this? So again, looking internationally, making sure we're sticking to high value, high urgency customers. If they don't have an urgency and they they don't have the ability to pay, they're not a good market for us. That's why we're focusing in on on these three markets. And our other goal is to be mission critical. So not to be a nice to have mission critical aligned to something like regulatory and risk is is the position that we're we're putting ourselves in. The growth drivers then for for this industry regulation we've mentioned it a number of times now we have seen um significant um increase in regulatory pressures particularly in the financial sector nature risk is becoming more and more um aligned to investor government decision- making and we're seeing that as a huge market driver and then it's the physical risk. So physical risk is the flood, the drought. How do we understand the risk within a supply chain to make sure that it's res resilient? This is not uh an ESG thing. This is actual companies responding to there's an actual inherent risk in climate at the moment because it could impact your supply chain and and put your supply chain at risk. All three of these have critical data gaps that we are aiming to um aiming to solve. bring technologies to actually bring bring uh scale and significance to these to these market needs. Finally, just to look at the investment case, there's eight things down here, but I'm going to give you the broad um highlight of this. We're an early mover here. So, it's a nient market. So, it's just emerging, but you'll see the traction we have with with corporates already. So, we have this sort of base base of agri corporates and financial institutions and a very strong pipeline with it. Natural capital is to be paid attention to because 50% of the world's GDP is reliant on it. Every person is reliant on it on on a daily basis and there's more acknowledgement of its degradation over the last number of years having significant risk. Us as a company then we have proprietary technology. We're scaling this technology. The LMAN acquisition has helped us scale us even faster and we we have a very strong management team. And then you have those market drivers. So bundle all that together, you have a very exciting time for us at Sennis. Um we are really excited about what the next few 22 minutes months to years and what that 20 2030 looks like. With that um we'll end the presentation, hand you back to Jake and we would welcome any questions. Chapter 5: Q&A Perfect guys. Perfect guys. That's great. And thank you very much indeed for your presentation this morning. Um, ladies and gentlemen, please do continue to submit your questions just by using the Q&A tab that's situated on the right hand corner of your screen. But just while the team take a few moments to review those questions that have been submitted already, I just like to remind you that a recording of this presentation along with a copy of the slides and the published Q&A can all be accessed via your investor dashboards. Um, guys, as you can see there, we have received a number of questions throughout your presentation and thank you to all of those on the call for taking the time to submit their questions. But if I may just hand back to you to read out those questions and give your responses where it's appropriate to do so and if I pick up from you at the end that would be great. Thank you. Sure. Thanks Jake. So question number one is explain the LMAN acquisition and where it can take us. Um so we covered that in a little bit of detail there but really the LMAN acquisition is about how do we scalably measure for supply chains or for loan books and how do we bring our own deep science and proprietary technology to bear. uh LMAN allow us to do that. Um the ability of Hugh and Jonathan to build novel models based on on deep deep scientific uh rigor allows us to bring really good technology and data sets to the market but also allows us to scale. So an example of that is they've already already got proprietary algorithms on how to monitor soil carbon, soil pH from from um with remote sensing. that gets even better when you when you add infield data. We have a huge amount of infield data that can actually drive those models and make those models better. So it's a very exciting time but also the the the two guys themselves have brought a huge amount of expert expertise and elevated us in this AI area. Again not an AI company but making us AI enabled. Hope that answers your question. Um second one is in the current geopolitical environment is demand for product set lessening? We've seen no signals of this to be frank. We've sat in front of people that have the uh problem of regulation. You can see the sweat marks on the forehead because of it. So we we're actually seeing that not lessening but increasing at at the moment. Um so hope that answers that question. And then do you see average order size increasing over the next year or two? Um the answer to that is yes. Um because we're an Asian market, we can see some of the particularly banking sector more interested in rolling out something like a pilot, significant contract for us, but it's kind of de-risking it for them and then using that pilot to actually um see how they're going to do it across their entire lending uh loan book uh including automated um approaches. So we are seeing we've already seen that a doubling of in investment from one year to the next. We've seen some of our 25 minutes, 1 second stable agricult by 10 to 20% annually and you just keep keep doing that. So that's that's hope that answers your question. Uh next question is across 21 enterprise customers close what's the typical deal size and sales cycle length um and what's the historical conversion rate? So we do monitor this quite quite closely. Um, for every 10 conversations, early stage conversations we have, we close about two and that's our our standard. So, we we normally get to pricing at about 50% and you normally close around um uh two 20% on that and that roads that's con constantly rolling. Average deal size for our our enterprise clients is around 17,000 for our ERA, around 4,000 plus for our our soil. So ear is the one that that brings us in um higher we we've less of them. It's a new product and but we're putting a lot of focus on that. So that that gives you an idea of the um conversion rate that we have. Deal length length size can vary. You can get to very fast decisions with some organizations but then the slow onboarding and procurement. Um you can get to very long decisions. So on average with some of the bigger contracts it can be 6 to9 months shorter uh from time to time but it is a long sales cycle particularly if you're in mid- budgetary cycle and you're waiting for the next cycle to come around. Um so the next one is thanks for a clear presentation. It's the next it's an exciting space and strong strategy. Could you explain a little more how you will acquire new new clients? Do you have the market growth engine in place? Yeah, sure. So we're we're looking at um a couple of different strategies around around um client engagement. So firstly is is identifying all the water and holes where they hang out all the areas that we're going to get at the critical people and we've seen a significant difference between the people within organizations particularly the banking sector. Um there are critical people you need to get to and sometimes you need to come in at the bottom and and work your way up to them. So looking at where where where they're aggregating as a group but also we're engaging um people who are from that industry who can actually make introductions um for us in in territories that we're not as familiar. So these are the two two things we have a very rigorous business development process in place. It's a disciplined step-by-step process. we fill the funnel at the top um looking to convert 20% of that um and filtering it down quickly to make sure that you're not spending time on on the on the wrong the wrong area. Um last question that we can see here today is maybe touch on the near-term momentum you see from client conversions adjacent sections etc. That's a it's a good question. So the near-term thing um we we are seeing agri corporates and all the activity there um actually dipped in the last couple years but actually slight resurgent now but we're looking at it from a risk and resilience perspective um which means that they're they're engaging more so we see agri corporates UK Ireland into the EU as very interesting space and then the financial institutions particularly in the UK And um the Nordics of of um Europe are actually sending out signals to us as well that there's there's interest there. Um so we're we're validating that interest at the minute. So those near-term um client conversions, it's a strong pipeline actually. So we've we have um I think it's over half a million on quote at the minute. Um and we're constantly trying to fill that that pipeline. So um again you're you're at the mercy of some sales cycle dynamics there but and they're what the near-term term conversions look like or look of interest to us. Another question here is what proportion of revenue is currently reinvested into R&D and the key areas of of of focus. Um at the moment we're putting significant um resources. So Hugh Turk is heading up our research department. We are looking at um funding a lot of our R&D though European Space Agency the biochar project that we we showed you there today and other projects with with local universities we see a lot of opportunity for funding those projects. So we try and get them funded more so and then actually putting current revenue streams into that that R&D uh pipeline. It's a great way to de derisk it. Hope that answers your question. Perfect guys, if I um may just jump back in there. Thank you very much indeed for addressing all of those questions that came in uh from investors this morning. And of course, if there are any further questions that do come through, we'll make these available to you immediately after the presentation has ended. But um Brendan, perhaps before really now, just looking to redirect those on the call to provide you with their feedback, which I know is particularly important to yourself and the company. If I could please just ask you for a few closing comments just to wrap up with that would be great. Great. Yeah, thanks Jake. Um just simply to say thank you for attending. Thank you for showing interest in Sennis PLC. We're hugely excited uh about the prospect and the future. Um we are hugely excited about what that Sennis 2030 is going to be. Um the the signals, the activity, everything we have at the moment is is pointing us in the in the right direction. So um thank you for your questions and thank you for your time and interest in in coming on this morning. That's great. Uh Brendan Steven, thank you once again for updating investors uh this morning. Could I please ask investors not to close this session as you'll now be automatically redirected to provide your feedback. On behalf of the management team of Sennus PLC, we would like to thank you for attending today's presentation. That now concludes